Autoscaling intro content (#649)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/reference/glossary.md

Continuous integration and continuous delivery or continuous deployment.

> ### cgroup
> 
> Control group, a Linux kernel feature that allows the organization, prioritization, and accounting of system resources for a group of processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### cgroups

Control groups, a Linux kernel feature that allows the organization, prioritization, and accounting of system resources for groups of processes.
```

(note: also requires updating the link `#cgroup` -> `#cgroups`)

The user account that registers and authenticates with Neon using a GitHub or Google account. Once authenticated, a Neon user account can create and manage projects, branches, users, databases, and other project resources.

### NeonVM

> A QEMU-based tool used by Neon to create and manage VMs within a Kubernetes cluster, allowing for the allocation and deallocation of vCPU and RAM. For more information, refer to the [NeonVM](https://github.com/neondatabase/autoscaling/tree/main/neonvm) GitHub repository.

Reviewer: I think technically this isn't a full githbub repo because it's in `neondatabase/autoscaling`, but I don't have any better ideas

Author: Revised.

An encrypted access token that enables you to authenticate with Neon using the Neon API. An access token is generated when creating a Neon API key. For more information, see [Manage API keys](https://neon.tech/docs/get-started-with-neon/using-api-keys/).

### tmpfs

A temporary file storage system that uses a portion of a system's RAM to store files, improving performance by reducing disk usage.

### User

See [Neon user](#neon-user) and [PostgreSQL role](#postgresql-role).

### vm-informant

A program that runs inside the VM alongside PostgreSQL, responsible for requesting more resources from the autoscaler-agent and validating proposed downscaling to ensure sufficient memory.

### vCPU

> Virtual Central Processing Unit, a unit of processing power allocated to a virtual machine or compute instance.

Reviewer: It may be helpful to define this in terms of `CPU`, instead of _fully_ expanding the acronym

Author: Changed as suggested.
